we have news and that's where
I come in It turns out that in his last live
auron has decided to apologize to his
followers after having behaved
the day before as we were seeing
in the video before this one in which he was
somewhat rude to them when his
followers were only looking out for
their well-being and the integrity of their
dignity and it is that after having been
seen at the end of the previous one by the
cupra accompanied by the same turkey as
himself He claims that she has broken his heart and
has trampled on him by telling him stories
at least three times and taking advantage of
sucking all his fame, his followers
wanted to give him a wake-up call eh
friend wake up I think yesterday I was a little
rude the truth yesterday I did not take
things well I think I spoke very
hotly I think I took an attitude that does
not correspond to the way
I am and yes I was a little
rude the truth with people who do not
deserve it because they are people who after all I
talk about me as a community about
tiktok suck my balls I talk about
my community  These are people who have always
been there through thick and thin,
eh. And yesterday I paid it out on people
who didn't deserve it, honestly, if you say,
Well, this person is [ __ ]. Well,
honestly, [ __ ] him. But that
wasn't the case, it was my community and at the end of the day,
well, I'm telling you, between the
charity and such, I was a little
overwhelmed, the truth is, I was a little
overwhelmed and I went to see that I didn't say
anything bad either. But I was
rude to people who didn't deserve it,
so I apologize to the community. It's
never hard for me to apologize, you
know, I mean, I screw up 20 times, but if
out of those 20 times I have to apologize, I
apologize 18 times because it doesn't cost me
anything and I think this is one of them,
honestly. And the thing is that for the moment the
Auron Play fandom has kicked
Auron Play out of the fandom. And I really don't know what
Auron was expecting, what he's done
is similar. If suddenly tomorrow
Johnny dep comes to us telling us that he's
back with Amber hair  what I found
was insults screams threats auron Play
after all this auron Play
after doing all this to him after 2
minutes I just wanted to donate the nights with
your brown face and tell you that there are
hearts that are a
tremendous cu bastard by the way before
continuing with the video a very
important fact that you should know And that is that at the
end of this video I am going to drop a
bomb but an absolute bomb that is going to
make you throw yourself on the floor and everything and you
will only be able to listen to it if you
are subscribed to the Channel okay If you are not
subscribed to the Channel the video is cut off that
part So immediately apart from
pressing the like button press the
subscribe button you will not
regret it What's up my kids
welcome one more day to my channel I am
Javi Oliveira king of gossip king of your
heart and I promise you that I did not laugh at the
cuqueo I am the cook And it is that what just
happened with auron Play has left us with a
somewhat bad taste in our mouths it cannot be
like this in front of people one thing is
what you do in  your private life And it's
not only the first time that Auron lets himself be
trampled on by whoever,
this time he's letting himself be tortured by
Gemita but in the past we've seen
how he let himself be trampled on by other
people like for example how
Win Michu trampled on him when
Felipe 360 ​​was being criticized, even the betrayal
of Juan Guarnizo and Karches, something that he
never defended himself from and it wasn't for lack
of desire, I mean it was more than obvious and I'm not
saying this just because of what I knew
but he publicly stated that
inside he was burning up and his
balls were swelling and he promised to
come back crazier than ever and in the end he didn't
answer anyone he ate it all by himself and
then on top of that as if nothing had happened in this one, all
I need to find out is that Auro
was the one who approached Gemita and
asked for forgiveness for something, for whatever reason, and I
see him as completely capable and it's normal for him to
disappoint people, an influencer
has to influence, has to show another
character and it's normal that this has been
a disappointment for his followers
People follow other people they admire and
letting fear piss like this is not very
respectable And this leaves us a
very good lesson no matter how much money he has No matter how
much he is a valid guy with
charisma with people skills self-love is
not something that can be bought But
well from what we are seeing in
Auro's last live in which he has
apologized to the fandom despite the fact that
the fandom has kicked him out at least
the guy is reasonable and he is understanding
people's anger it is not very normal and
nobody would have told us that the end
of 2024 would be with Auron being
completely cuckolded While the
antagonist of this story Juan
Guarnizo lets himself be seen and is recorded
at a party surrounded by many women
like Jesús Gil in
Marbella and has his ex-wife Ari
Gameplay jealous for having put another
girl in his bed I hope you never have to
separate from a relationship of almost 10
years that four days later your ex gives it to the
other one and a month later the other one publishes
photos in the bed where you lived  every
day with your partner for almost 5 years
is not anger and it is not H it is having
a little bit of mother that I also tell you
fat hair of hari Gameplay claiming nothing
to Juan guarnizo at this point I
feel that there is lost hari Gameplay at any
time pa because a beautiful woman
a woman almost for one can find her
anywhere real Cucho let's be
clear that is the reality but a man
like That man [ __ ] that is very difficult to
find nowadays with a man who
has money Who has everything [ __ ] who is
family that there is who wants to
have things with you is the reality pa Oh
Pa is that you see a lot of people because
they are covered in the head [ __ ] and no and they do
not stop to think about the return or rather how
difficult gonor it is nowadays to
find a family man a
house man a man that you see that does not
go out to party that is with his wife that
stands up for his wife pa that is more
complicated than 10 [ __ ] that is very
difficult pa or rather har Gameplays
possibly you will find another man And that
will happen daddy see the  just the mere
fact of that, having put up with all
that
gonorrhea [ __ ], that [ __ ] put up with a lot of
[ __ ] for his wife,
that [ __ ] put up with a lot of
[ __ ] for his wife, bro, for his wife,
Auro in those apologies what he said
is that he needs a few weeks to
clarify certain circumstances that are
occurring and when he can talk, he will
talk. Let me talk about my
Butterfly Effect, okay. And this has given
free rein to everyone's imagination. I do
n't have to give explanations about my
private life, that's like tomorrow I
want to be with seven dwarves and be very
happy. But it's true that, eh, [ __ ],
I myself opened the door myself. I opened the
door to this, so now I
can't pretend that, Okay, I'm looking the other
way. No, nothing's happening, so that's it. I
apologize and I will give you the
corresponding explanations. Well, in
a few weeks when I clarify certain
things that I have to clarify. Because
right now I'm not clear about anything, nor am I
absolutely anything, so I
will explain things to you when the time comes,
eh. And that's it. Okay, but that's your apology.
the community for my rudeness
considering that Silvia Auron's mother
posted the following tweet A
tsunami is coming I'm going to sleep high up
until the water goes down after in
the previous video we were seeing that
both she and Auro's brother Rubén were
visibly disappointed
after having eaten all the
depression that Auron has had because of this
situation and now seeing him when
anyone would expect the worst and I
repeat Silvia I give you my hand I
give it to you I really go with you on this path
and it is that of all the rumors the
most logical explanation that
people have found and based on some
private conversations from an account
that in some way Is
linked to or knows Auron's mother
Play has posted the following screenshot
genius don't cry but they say that Auron is going to
be a father Gema is pregnant I do
plan on having a child and yes it is
ugly eh abandoning it at a gas station the
truth is these are my plans I hope to carry it
out soon it is possible that it is true
that the girl is pregnant but it
is also super likely that it is not
his it is something typical of this type  from
people that I don't know anything about I'm just
speculating your big dick No but here
in my town it always happens like this and she's one
of those I love how people
find logic where they want to
find it I mean but yes or yes but
of course this is where I smoke the
joint after eating drugs no
kids and I start to line things up and my
imagination starts to think and be very
careful I want to leave Of course, as much as
the bait of the thumbnail marks me a little
and we're here laughing for a
while, I don't want to say that it's true that
Gemita is pregnant but pay attention to this
fact that I'm going to give you And now I'll tell you and
explain what I do want to say just in
case you don't get it it turns out
that immediately as this rumor
starts to grow on social networks and not
only Twitter accounts but
also gossip channels have also
echoed what they are saying
Gemita can't think of anything better than to
upload a story in which she is
supposedly accidentally recording herself
while she is helping people in
Valencia and look at the scene that she uploads Look
the scene in which she lets herself record a
very hernal instinct scene this is either
by chance or on purpose because I have no
[ __ ] idea but the truth is that while I
'm recording this video I
realized that Gemita has blocked me
so I understand that the series of videos
that you have available on the channel in case you
want to see it you have a two 3 quat and with
this it's going to be the fifth Gemita didn't
like it one bit you can
enjoy it And the thing is that Gemita Although on
occasions like these she acts offended
she does really like to sow
the shadow of doubt and let
people speculate about her or
imagine things I mean at some
point she also did it with Gref today I
received some news that has not only
brightened my day but the whole year and
this photo in a romantic way okay I mean it's
like the typical couple photo in
which they are going to announce a pregnancy in
fact that was what everyone thought
here you have for example a tit on that
subject that Gemita may be
pregnant and how she is a lot A day
like today just a  month gemita
was with gabela a bit in chochi
also chochi thinking what to do in irl and it
occurred to her to play a prank call
guess what idea they gave her and what
kind of prank she decided to
go Thank you Cristian Thank you very much for
those 5000
kisses now the challenge is
no my goodness let's go strong eh I mean I have to
do e clear I know I have nothing
okay And what do we do in lor
[Music]
okay let's play the prank
well let's see Maybe she doesn't know that I'm still
extensible let's see what prank
we play on her Let it be
credible no no I'm going to tell her that the
player's leaker if I'm going to say
the name she's watching football but it's live
now no it's not
live it's the kin that you can't take anymore it's
good eh it's very
good something is that of the evening what am I going
to say if I'm not
part of it let's see the one that I leave the k that I can't
take anymore it's good it could be credible
Tell her that you're
pregnant
No better than no that not
calling your mother and saying that you're
pregnant than playing with  that could be
dangerous
happy and besides my mother
is surely streaming for sure So as I
was saying of course I'm not
saying that Gemita is pregnant I do
n't believe that but the truth is that although
Auron has denied it there is a theory that
we will be parents this is true because if
so I want you to call him a nuisance
Contreras Okay Kisses that theory is
true eh There are people that I really
respect everyone But there are people
who should control the amount of
marijuana they put in their body eh
For the love of me I wouldn't see it as
crazy at all that Gemita did
tell Auro that she was pregnant
to get closer to him can you
imagine that smoke of weed you know what
if Gemita has done that and approached
him with that excuse telling him that she thinks she's
pregnant and poor Auron
Play a bit like that Lauel went to
conig s that you cheated on me with many
people I have doubts that they know I'm alone We
had a night of passion you come out with the
story that knows my blessing to me it doesn't
seem like I don't grab on to honor it true  that
happens to you And it's that taking into account
the massacre of this girl In The Andorra
Football Club Although Hey calm down because
the same account that planted this rumor on
networks has later denied it by leaking
another md that it could be from herself to
Claro This was sent to me by DM It could
be true It could be a lie your
fat dick you drop news like that
and you say Hey I'm going to tell some
news here eh that Vegeta is [ __ ]
Cristinini Like this like this like this she likes it
Uh Oh it made me doubt Me too what the
hell now It's her and I it's the
time it smells man that you go that she
told me Random account by md and it could be
true But it could also be a
lie I mean I'm not lying and it's that
this is the next level of gossip
I'm falling behind family The
truth is that I'm not adapting to
new technologies At all
people want to party So as
people want to party get ready because I have to
tell you a bomb that
just
arrived It turns out that a week ago
a Twitter account dropped a  one of the
biggest highs I've seen on Twitter
and I don't know where she got it from but she
started tweeting like gemita had
something with rebor anyway These are
internet rumors That at the moment there
is nothing to confirm them but
trying to search to fill the video
I found that someone
was sending me things and among those things he
sent me conversations that he has
flirting with rebor
conversations during the early hours of the
morning that make clear
rebor's intentions with this person At
that moment in which I spoke to her I am
talking to you about some conversations that
are not current but rather belong to
before rebor did the Face reveal Once
rebor became more famous she stopped
talking to this person and this person got
a little frustrated missed him let's say he
started tweeting
where he said that he missed talking
to rebor and the suits jumped on him
this girl rebor
ghosted him rebor hadn't spoken to him since he
became famous and the day came when he
contacted her again and you won't
believe it
amazing in health I'm not going to show you the
original conversation but I
'm going to recreate it more or less and the thing is that Rebor went to
contact this girl to
shut her mouth because she didn't want her to
be talking that she had spoken to
him previously and those things but what
she said was good she started talking to him
as if she was talking to a civil
servant I mean she didn't speak in a
very personal way but she spoke to you as if you
were talking to a civil servant in the
unemployment queue or to a robot when you
contact the insurance company
saying words like very technical that
he didn't have his social media accounts
because his
agency took them I send her a message and she says hi
eh Thanks for contacting [ __ ] as
if it were an answering machine Hey they've
informed me from the Network that there's been
a controversy with you I understand
your situation but you've never spoken
to me it's a complete mistake
because a rule that I have stipulated
since I started was not to talk to
anyone you can't even contact
me by email the girl doesn't swim says to her
but yes I have the
conversations with you here we have been
talking until the early hours of the
morning to which Rebor answers
as if it were  a robot I'm so sorry
I don't have this account my
agency and my network run it and I haven't spoken with you
in fact we are considering the
possibility of taking
legal action and I request that it would be much better
if you stop and let this matter fall
into oblivion I stopped my agency by
asking for a ceasefire because they wanted to
start filing lawsuits So I
ask you to let this fall into oblivion
without harming yourself and the
last message is brutal because like
What What's wrong with this guy this is
covered by article 82 of the
intellectual property law I ask you
please not to share this content with
anyone
there are people who should never be
made famous really you know That thing about you'll
know Manolito when you give him a
position I used to hear it a lot when I
was in jobs not in the past and
suddenly someone would be promoted and he would
become more of a badass or whatever well
here in this world of
streamers and youtubers it also
applies a bit not when it's uploaded not
when it's uploaded And that's been going on
lately  quite a few times in fact it has
been very based in fact it has been very
applauded on several occasions recently
with the issue of Juan Guarnizo and now
these last few days also with the issue of
Valencia and how the
government has handled it blaming the PP to the PSOE
that if this one has said this it is not that the
Generalitat man do you want to stop the media
the [ __ ] can you stop El Salvador
saying that they have everything ready
to send it to Spain Why is
the [ __ ] plane not in Spain now France has
offered 200 firefighters why are they not
in Spain why are they not
in Valencia right now Why are there not enough soldiers in
Valencia Why are they not there what is
this and nobody resigns nobody has the
nerve to resign in any
normal country you will be in [ __ ] jail and I
hope that after what is
happening in Valencia they sit you
all in a [ __ ] dock which is what
you deserve and you go and rot in
jail because that is what you deserve
go to jail you have to go to jail for
all the  things that you've been
doing for years the
political irresponsibility that exists
today and that has always existed in this country
is shameful it's insulting it's an
insult to intelligence it's an insult
to intelligence but El Chiringuito is
going to end El Chiringuito is going to end
one day or another it's going to end and I don't give
a [ __ ] if you take down my channel if you
start coming after me you can
do whatever the [ __ ] you want but
reality is not going to change the truth only
has one way and the truth is that you are
sons of [ __ ] that's what you are
sons of [ __ ] there's no other way and you deserve to
go to jail period that's what you
deserve go before a judge I'm
leaving it here for today although tomorrow you
have another video on this same channel
So stay tuned because there's
a lot of gossip coming I hope you
liked it let me know your opinion in
the comments box remind you that
we are also on the secondary channel
La Salsería every night live
and also with mando news  a
big kiss, gorgeous, and bye bye, do you
plan on having children or not? I think
that as I get older, he calls me more,
eh? Sometimes it's the father, before I was
more scared than now. Look,
I'm at a point where, I mean. Before,
you told me about having a child, but now, damn, maybe it
's something that shouldn't be
completely ruled out. No, who knows. This is
something that goes with age, with the
moment you're living in. It
depends on many factors. The
truth is, foreigner